AAP-13268-EDA updated eda controller user guide (#1495)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/eda/proc-modifying-memory-during-install.adoc

[id="modifying-memory-during-install"]

= Modifying the default memory limit for each rulebook activation during installation

[role="_abstract"]

> By default, each rulebook activation container has a 200mb memory limit. You can modify this default value during installation by using the following procedure: .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, each rulebook activation container has a 200MB memory limit. You can modify this default value during installation by using the following procedure:
```

.Procedure
. Navigate to the setup inventory file.

> . Add `automationedacontroller_podman_mem_limit` under [all:vars] section. For example, ________________. 

Reviewer 2: Don't we need given an example here ?

Reviewer 2: We can give an example like following:

```
automationedacontroller_podman_mem_limit='400m'

Author: Hi @jainnikhil30! I added that example. Can you take a look at the formatting?

> . Add `automationedacontroller_podman_mem_limit` under [all:vars] section. For example, `automationedacontroller_podman_mem_limit='400m'`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add `automationedacontroller_podman_mem_limit` in the [all:vars] section. For example, `automationedacontroller_podman_mem_limit='400m'`. 
```
